# ParoD

ParoD is a simple machine learning system that utilizes Twitter4J. 

## Sample Tweets

NOTE: These tweets were all generated by ParoD. I strongly condemn any efforts to pass off any tweet by ParoD as that of the original user.

Github; want to stay organized with python support! URL

Github; the new place to buy integrations into student feedback… URL URL

NintendoAmerica; feel the #arms

NintendoAmerica; get rewarded for fun and stay fresh with #nintendoswitch eshop!… URL

RiotGames; get your most memorable league players to address the problem here before the monster.

RiotGames; with warwick and tanks. URL

RealDonaldTrump; congress now we will be long remembered by all!

RealDonaldTrump; returning to a great guy, highly recommended!

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

You will need;

Twitter4J - Twitter4J is how Java communicates with Twitter's API. It can be downloaded here; http://twitter4j.org/en/
Twitter OAuth - In order for Twitter4Java to properly communicate with Twitter, you must acquire an OAuth Access Token. A list of such systems can be found here; https://dev.twitter.com/oauth/overview

In order for Twitter4Java to utilize this OAuth Code, you must change its properties. An example properties file can be found under sample.properties

If desired, I can create a more in depth tutorial for this process.

### Installing

To install, simply download the project files and place them in your project folder. All src items should go in your project's while sample.properties should remain outside of it.

## Current Objectives

Presently, the system only utilizes Unigrams and BiGrams. An immediate goal is to implement Trigrams in order to improve the system's grammar.

Twitter only allows developers to acquire a user's last 3500 tweets. It may be worthwhile to compile corpora based on specific users in order to provide ParoD more information to train on.